fix(docs): in any user -> by any user (#144)
someengineering/resoto.com: docs/reference/cli/index.md

template: 'echo Hello {{person}}.'
```

> Once the configuration is updated, the command is available in the resoto shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a custom command has been defined in the `resoto.core.commands` configuration, the command can be executed in [Resoto Shell](../../concepts/components/shell.md):
```

Hello John Doe.
```

:::note

> Custom commands are defined globally, so they can be used by any Resoto user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom commands are defined globally, so they can be executed by any Resoto user.
```
